This Sunday, July 27th
Hong Kong Coffee Black Tea Association will be hosted at New Mong Kok Plaza
The 5th Hong Kong International Golden Tea King Competition North American Divisional Competition.
We now have the chairman of the organizer, Joe Choi
Demonstrate how to make a cup of authentic Hong Kong-style milk tea
Hello everyone, I am Joe Choi, Chairman of the Hong Kong Coffee and Black Tea Association, North America.
I am Anna Pow, Vice President of North America.
In fact, Chairman of the Hong Kong Coffee and Black Tea Association, Huang Jia and Daping Gentleman
The Golden Tea King competition is held every year.
I hope to provide a platform for people from all over the world.
Let more people know about Hong Kong-style milk tea culture.
Furthermore, Hong Kong-style milk tea has been listed as a non-material cultural heritage.
We hope that through the activities, the next generation of young people will be exposed to the milk tea culture.
Let it be held.
Judges' guidelines in the competition
Is to summarize the opinions of different judgments,
Choose the best milk tea from it.
The judges are based on color, fragrance, concentration,
Tea with milk distribution, scent and thickness score,
Finally, sum all the scores together,
Thereby selecting the winning milk tea.
Hello, Joe, I saw a lot of different kinds of tea on the table.
How can I choose a good tea ratio?
Depending on the blending formula of different people,
I know some people will mix three different teas,
Some people will use seven or eight kinds of tea.
Let me introduce the five kinds of tables on the market,
The restaurant will use the tea.
On the far left is "young tea."
"Young tea" mainly brings color and taste to milk tea.
You can see that "young tea" is a little younger than other species.
The middle is the "coarse tea".
Bring a fragrant taste to the tea.
In the middle of "young tea" and "coarse tea" is "medium tea".
It is a balance between "young tea" and "coarse tea".
It has a tea flavor and aroma.
The two names on the right are called "Golden Tea" and "Little Gold Tea".
They are very similar to "coarse tea" and are a kind of "coarse tea".
And they are more fragrant than "coarse tea"
However, if the amount is too much, the tea will become bitter and rough.
Then your tea will generally be purchased there?
All our tea is shipped in Sri Lanka.
This is also the origin of the name "Xi Leng Black Tea".
Then we have Joe to show us a cup of Hong Kong-style milk tea.
The tea used for tea has:
stove,
Teapot (the industry will use two pots because of the need to "catch tea"),
Tea bags (sometimes misunderstood because of the appearance of stockings, milk tea is made with stockings),
Tea circle,
Light milk and tea.
The water temperature must reach the boiling point, and only the hookah needs to be cooked again.
The origin of the name "stocking milk tea"
It is because the tea bag has changed color after a long time.
In the 1960s and 1970s, tea masters used tea bags to make tea.
When the foreigner goes through the tea stall, he sees the colored tea bag.
I mistakenly thought that the tea master was brewing tea with stockings.
Over time, Hong Kong-style milk tea has changed into "stocking milk tea."
In fact, the ladies may be more clear than me,
If the wearing stockings encounter hot water, it will be damaged.
Why do you need to raise the teapot to drop the tea at high altitude?
In fact, this action is not specifically for the guests to perform demonstrations.
Tea master pours tea into another pot at high altitude
Mainly want to bring air into the milk tea,
Make the tea more slippery and taste stronger.
Because of the height of each person and the cooking time,
Will the teapot be as high as possible?
In fact, as long as you try differently with different heights,
A cup of smooth milk tea will be brewed.
The timer accurately counts us in the cooking tea to prevent tea from cooking for too long.
How long does it take to cook?
As I said earlier, there is no rule on cooking time.
My personal approach will allow tea to be completed in ten minutes.
Starting from the boiling point of the water,
I will "crash" the tea two or three times.
Boil it again for about five minutes.
Then "crash" the tea three times,
Then boil it, lick it,
In general, a pot of tea will be completed in ten minutes.
I tried to make milk tea at home.
But there is no utensil for making milk tea at home.
Is there a way to brew tea at home?
Yes, but the most important thing is the water temperature.
Many people mistakenly think that the water in the kettle in the home reaches enough temperature to brew tea.
But generally speaking, the water in the pot is only 80 degrees Celsius to 90 degrees Celsius.
If you want to brew milk tea at home, you must first boil the water to boiling point.
As water for tea,
I will choose to use some utensils to replace "teacha" with 焗茶.
Then he "sweet" the taste of tea.
If there is a small pot in the house, it can be adjusted according to the appropriate amount.
Try "crashing tea."
To make a good cup of milk tea, just use your heart.
Know the steps of refining and understand the reasons,
It is a milk tea that is excellent, fragrant and tasteful.
After watching Joe's wonderful milk tea demonstration,
Don’t miss the Sunday at Xinwangjiao Square.
International Golden Tea King Contest.